content/posts/2023-02-09-full-on-business.mdx, before:

---
title: "Full on Business"
date: "2023-02-09"
slug: "full-on-business"
summary: "January recap: personal progress, company milestones, and focus for the next phase."
coverImage: "https://picsum.photos/id/1025/1600/900"
tags:
  - life
---

Time flies, and real fast. January went by in a second, and there is so much that has happened.

Short summary of my highlights:

- I successfully completed dry January. Lucky for me, one of my good friends Tamas was doing the same, so we happily drank alcohol-free beer together.
- We are looking at a new chapter with my dad.
- At NBK Labs, we went separate paths with our lead developer Raphael, so I had to take on a big part of frontend development.
- I decided to refresh my CSS and React skills at the beginning of January. Still in the middle of it, and I love the journey.
- We took a week of half work and half holiday with my family and went skiing to the Austrian Alps. It was ice cold but amazing.
- We got a nasty letter from FINMA and had to change our branding from nobank to something new (coming soon).
- We got our first month where we were cashflow neutral.

With this behind us, and roughly 10 months to go this year, I also set focus for the next period for myself and the company:

- Sell more and make sure we are in the green.
- Enjoy life and continue the dry January momentum.
- Finish CSS and React brush-ups.

Copyright 2022 Andras Hejj

Commit message:

Remove obsolete Astro settings and type definitions; update .gitignore to include dist/ and .astro; enhance blog posts with improved clarity and structure; refine interview project to focus on collaborative problem-solving; emphasize the importance of knowledge management and community in product development; address go-to-market challenges in B2B and B2C contexts.

content/posts/2023-02-09-full-on-business.mdx, after:

---
title: "Full on Business"
date: "2023-02-09"
slug: "full-on-business"
summary: "January recap: personal progress, company milestones, and focus for the next phase."
coverImage: "https://picsum.photos/id/1025/1600/900"
tags:
  - life
---

January disappeared. Feels like I blinked and it was over.

These were the big things for me:

- I successfully completed dry January. Lucky for me, one of my good friends Tamas was doing the same, so we happily drank alcohol-free beer together.
- We are starting a new chapter with my dad.
- At NBK Labs, Raphael (our lead developer) and we went separate ways, so I jumped into a much bigger frontend role.
- I started a CSS and React refresh at the beginning of January. Still in it. Still enjoying it.
- We took a week of half work and half holiday with my family and went skiing to the Austrian Alps. It was ice cold but amazing.
- We got a painful letter from FINMA and had to rebrand from nobank to something new (coming soon).
- We got our first month where we were cashflow neutral.

After all of that, I set a simple focus for the next stretch for myself and the company:

- Sell more and keep us in the green.
- Keep the dry January momentum and not slide back.
- Finish the CSS and React brush-up.

Copyright 2022 Andras Hejj
