content/posts/2023-01-11-first-week-in.mdx, before:

---
title: "First Week In..."
date: "2023-01-11"
slug: "first-week-in"
summary: "A January check-in on health, learning, and early momentum in both personal and professional goals."
coverImage: "https://picsum.photos/id/1043/1600/900"
tags:
  - life
  - family
  - career
---

January is always an interesting month. As the year turns over, people are often in one of two states: half of us are still waking up from the holiday break, while the other half is rushing to ensure they catch the new year.

Regardless of which camp we fall into, it is a time of renewed energy and focus.

For me, this year started off great so far. I have been able to fully recharge my batteries during the Christmas break and have returned feeling energized and ready to take on new challenges.

I have also taken the time to reflect on the past year and identify the areas where I want to focus my energy in the coming months.

One of my key resolutions for the new year is to maintain a dry January. While it may seem small, this resolution is a powerful way to reset and focus on my health.

I have also committed to staying active and doing regular sports and exercise. Recently, I tried bodypump for the first time, and while it was challenging, I felt great afterwards.

In addition to personal goals, I am also focused on professional growth and development. I have already met with several clients and closed some of the first deals of the year.

I have also been dedicating time to learning new skills, specifically CSS (thanks [joshwcomeau.com](https://www.joshwcomeau.com/)) and MPC (Secure Multi-Party Computation) and threshold signature schemes used to protect cryptographic assets besides smart wallets.

There is a great article about this by 1kx network: [Wallets](https://medium.com/1kxnetwork/wallets-91c7c3457578).

As we move through January and into the rest of the year, I am optimistic about the opportunities and challenges ahead. With a renewed focus on health, personal development, and professional growth, I am confident this will be a successful and rewarding year.

Copyright 2022 Andras Hejj

Commit message:

Remove obsolete Astro settings and type definitions; update .gitignore to include dist/ and .astro; enhance blog posts with improved clarity and structure; refine interview project to focus on collaborative problem-solving; emphasize the importance of knowledge management and community in product development; address go-to-market challenges in B2B and B2C contexts.

content/posts/2023-01-11-first-week-in.mdx, after:

---
title: "First Week In..."
date: "2023-01-11"
slug: "first-week-in"
summary: "A January check-in on health, learning, and early momentum in both personal and professional goals."
coverImage: "https://picsum.photos/id/1043/1600/900"
tags:
  - life
  - family
  - career
---

One week into January, I usually see two modes around me.

Some people are still in holiday mode. Others sprint on day one like the whole year depends on week one.

I am somewhere in the middle this year.

I actually managed to recharge over Christmas, and I came back with energy instead of dread. That alone already feels like a win.

Dry January is still on track. It sounds like a small thing, but for me it is a reset button.

I also committed to moving more. I tried bodypump for the first time. Brutal during, great after.

Work-wise, January also started strong. I met several clients and closed some of the first deals of the year.

I am also back in learning mode: refreshing CSS (thanks [joshwcomeau.com](https://www.joshwcomeau.com/)) and digging into MPC and threshold signatures for crypto asset protection beyond smart wallets.

There is a great article about this by 1kx network: [Wallets](https://medium.com/1kxnetwork/wallets-91c7c3457578).

That is where I am right now: healthy momentum, real curiosity, and enough clarity to keep going.

Copyright 2022 Andras Hejj
