content/posts/2023-01-04-new-year-resolutions.mdx, before:

---
title: "New Year Resolutions"
date: "2023-01-04"
slug: "new-year-resolutions"
summary: "Starting the year by resetting habits, reflecting with family, and setting practical goals for life and work."
coverImage: "https://picsum.photos/id/1018/1600/900"
tags:
  - life
  - family
  - career
---

As every year, I wake up on January 1 with a bit of a hangover. Not just from the amount of alcohol I consumed the previous night, although we had a big tasting round with my wife and our friends Arpi and Nunu from Tomcsanyi Birtok, but it felt different this time.

I had this hangover from a really long and tiring year: starting a company, raising two kids, trying to keep a work-wife-life balance, illness in the family, war, uncertainty, economic distress, and so much more.

If I look back, it was a really successful year with so much joy and new experiences, but definitely not an easy one.

After the hangover came the quiet. We are lucky enough that my wife and I have awesome parents who love taking care of our kids, so we could sneak two days away. It was beautiful, relaxing, and we finally had the chance to talk, review the year that passed so fast, and plan the year ahead.

Out of this came four goals I want to accomplish this year personally and professionally:

1. Successfully finish dry January and replace drinking with sports.
2. Start cooking again. Every Friday night will be reserved for cooking with friends and family.
3. Be more calm and relaxed, trust myself, and keep helping others.
4. Get ready for Budapest while keeping the main base in Switzerland.

All of these goals are achievable and it is not too much. Let's see how I am doing in a few months.

Copyright 2022 Andras Hejj

Commit message:

Remove obsolete Astro settings and type definitions; update .gitignore to include dist/ and .astro; enhance blog posts with improved clarity and structure; refine interview project to focus on collaborative problem-solving; emphasize the importance of knowledge management and community in product development; address go-to-market challenges in B2B and B2C contexts.

content/posts/2023-01-04-new-year-resolutions.mdx, after:

---
title: "New Year Resolutions"
date: "2023-01-04"
slug: "new-year-resolutions"
summary: "Starting the year by resetting habits, reflecting with family, and setting practical goals for life and work."
coverImage: "https://picsum.photos/id/1018/1600/900"
tags:
  - life
  - family
  - career
---

As every year, I wake up on January 1 with a bit of a hangover. Not just from the amount of alcohol I consumed the previous night, although we had a big tasting round with my wife and our friends Arpi and Nunu from Tomcsanyi Birtok, but it felt different this time.

This year it was not only the wine. It was the weight of the whole year.

Starting a company. Raising two kids. Trying to keep work, marriage, and life in one piece. Family illness. War. Economic stress. It was a lot.

And still, when I look back, it was also a good year. Big joy, big lessons, and honestly a lot of chaos.

After the hangover came the quiet. We are lucky enough that my wife and I have awesome parents who love taking care of our kids, so we could sneak two days away. It was beautiful, relaxing, and we finally had the chance to talk, review the year that passed so fast, and plan the year ahead.

Those two days gave me enough headspace to set a few clear goals for this year.

Nothing heroic. Just things I know would make my life better if I actually stick to them:

1. Successfully finish dry January and replace drinking with sports.
2. Start cooking again. Every Friday night will be reserved for cooking with friends and family.
3. Be more calm and relaxed, trust myself, and keep helping others.
4. Get ready for Budapest while keeping the main base in Switzerland.

The point is not perfection. The point is consistency.

Let me see in a few months if I kept my own promises.

Copyright 2022 Andras Hejj
