content/posts/2023-02-01-frontend-interview.mdx, before:

---
title: "Frontend Interview"
date: "2023-02-01"
slug: "frontend-interview"
summary: "A practical checklist of frontend interview topics I like to cover, especially around CSS and React."
coverImage: "https://picsum.photos/id/180/1600/900"
tags:
  - software-development
---

Things I typically like to ask during a frontend dev interview:

- CSS fundamentals
- React pair coding ([challenge template](https://codesandbox.io/s/coding-challenge-template-7gkem1))

## CSS and layout questions

Can you explain CSS specificity?

Which units do you know, and when would you use each one?

- `%`
- `px`
- `em`
- `rem`
- `vh`

Let's talk about height. How would you style a div so it is full-page height?

Talk about internationalization and LTR/RTL. How would you style a paragraph with a `1em` margin at the end of text?

Talk about margins. How would you style a footer with predictable spacing?

Can you name different positioning algorithms and how they work?

- `static` (default)
- `initial`
- `absolute`
- `fixed`
- `relative`
- `sticky`

Explain the logic of an absolutely positioned element. How will it be positioned with `inset: 10px`?

## Stacking context

What is a stacking context? What are different ways to create one?

- Setting `opacity` to a value less than `1`
- Setting `position` to `fixed` or `sticky`
- Applying a `mix-blend-mode` other than `normal`
- Adding a `z-index` to a child inside a `display: flex` or `display: grid` container
- Using `transform`, `filter`, `clip-path`, or `perspective`
- Explicitly creating a context with `isolation: isolate`

How do you achieve a container that can overflow on the y-axis but not on x-axis?

One practical pattern is to use an outer wrapper to control clipping/rounding and an inner scroller to control the overflow behavior.

Copyright 2022 Andras Hejj

Commit message:

Remove obsolete Astro settings and type definitions; update .gitignore to include dist/ and .astro; enhance blog posts with improved clarity and structure; refine interview project to focus on collaborative problem-solving; emphasize the importance of knowledge management and community in product development; address go-to-market challenges in B2B and B2C contexts.

content/posts/2023-02-01-frontend-interview.mdx, after:

---
title: "Frontend Interview"
date: "2023-02-01"
slug: "frontend-interview"
summary: "A practical checklist of frontend interview topics I like to cover, especially around CSS and React."
coverImage: "https://picsum.photos/id/180/1600/900"
tags:
  - software-development
---

I keep coming back to the same two things in frontend interviews:

- CSS fundamentals
- React pair coding ([challenge template](https://codesandbox.io/s/coding-challenge-template-7gkem1))

Not because I want trivia answers. I want to see how people think out loud and debug in real time.

## CSS and layout questions

How do you explain CSS specificity to a teammate who is stuck?

Which units do you actually use in production, and why?

- `%`
- `px`
- `em`
- `rem`
- `vh`

Height question: how would you make a div truly full-page height?

Internationalization question: in LTR/RTL layouts, how would you set a `1em` margin at the end of text correctly?

Spacing question: how would you build a footer with predictable margins across breakpoints?

Which positioning modes do you trust, and when?

- `static` (default)
- `initial`
- `absolute`
- `fixed`
- `relative`
- `sticky`

Explain absolute positioning in plain language. What happens with `inset: 10px`?

## Stacking context

What is a stacking context, and what bugs have you seen because of it?

- Setting `opacity` to a value less than `1`
- Setting `position` to `fixed` or `sticky`
- Applying a `mix-blend-mode` other than `normal`
- Adding a `z-index` to a child inside a `display: flex` or `display: grid` container
- Using `transform`, `filter`, `clip-path`, or `perspective`
- Explicitly creating a context with `isolation: isolate`

How would you make a container scroll on `y` but not `x`?

The practical pattern I like: outer wrapper handles clipping/border radius, inner wrapper handles scrolling.

Copyright 2022 Andras Hejj
